README.md, before:

# Audible Camera Mod

An accessibility mod for Minecraft that provides an audible camera system for exploring the world. Designed for blind and visually impaired players, this mod allows you to navigate and hear block names using audio feedback.

## Features

- **Audible Navigation**: Navigate the world using audio feedback
- **Block Recognition**: Hear block names and sounds with spatial audio
- **Directional Feedback**: Get distance and direction information
- **Area Scanning**: Scan 3x3x3 areas around your position
- **Configurable Options**: Toggle various display options

## Keybindings

### Primary Controls
All of these keys apart from the key to activate the audible camera are only available when the camera is turned on.
- **X**: Activate/Deactivate Audible Camera
- **Escape or X**: Exit camera mode
- **Arrow Keys**: Navigate horizontally
- **Page Up/Down**: Navigate vertically
- **R**: Recenter camera on player
- **P**: Toggle pause mode

### Configuration (F-Keys - Only when camera is active)
- **F4**: Toggle direction mode (absolute/relative)
- **F5**: Toggle directional announcements
- **F6**: Toggle start position (eye/feet level)
- **F7**: Toggle movement mode (player facing/cardinal)
- **F8**: Toggle coordinate announcements
- **F9**: Scan 3x3x3 area around camera
- **F10**: Toggle light level announcements
- **F11**: Toggle solid blocks only mode
- **F12**: Announce current camera position

## Installation

1. Install [Fabric Loader](https://fabricmc.net/use/installer/) for Minecraft 1.21.5
2. Install [Fabric API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api)
3. Download the latest release and place it in your `mods` folder

## Requirements

- Minecraft 1.21.5
- Fabric Loader 0.16.14+
- Fabric API 0.128.1+
- Java 21+

## License

This project is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

**What this means:**
- ✅ You can share, modify, and contribute to this mod
- ✅ You must give credit to the original author
- ❌ You cannot use it commercially without permission
- ✅ Any modifications must be shared under the same license

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit suggestions, issues and pull requests.

Commit message:

Made the Readme more generalized when it comes to Minecraft versions

README.md, after:

# Audible Camera Mod

An accessibility mod for Minecraft that provides an audible camera system for exploring the world. Designed for blind and visually impaired players, this mod allows you to navigate and hear block names using audio feedback.

## Features

- **Audible Navigation**: Navigate the world using audio feedback
- **Block Recognition**: Hear block names and sounds with spatial audio
- **Directional Feedback**: Get distance and direction information
- **Area Scanning**: Scan 3x3x3 areas around your position
- **Configurable Options**: Toggle various display options

## Keybindings

### Primary Controls
All of these keys apart from the key to activate the audible camera are only available when the camera is turned on.
- **X**: Activate/Deactivate Audible Camera
- **Escape or X**: Exit camera mode
- **Arrow Keys**: Navigate horizontally
- **Page Up/Down**: Navigate vertically
- **R**: Recenter camera on player
- **P**: Toggle pause mode

### Configuration (F-Keys - Only when camera is active)
- **F4**: Toggle direction mode (absolute/relative)
- **F5**: Toggle directional announcements
- **F6**: Toggle start position (eye/feet level)
- **F7**: Toggle movement mode (player facing/cardinal)
- **F8**: Toggle coordinate announcements
- **F9**: Scan 3x3x3 area around camera
- **F10**: Toggle light level announcements
- **F11**: Toggle solid blocks only mode
- **F12**: Announce current camera position

## Installation

1. Install [Fabric Loader](https://fabricmc.net/use/installer/) for your Minecraft version
2. Install [Fabric API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api)
3. Download the appropriate release for your Minecraft version from the [Releases](https://github.com/nzingilou/audiblecamera/releases) tab and place it in your `mods` folder

## Requirements

- Minecraft (check releases for supported versions)
- Fabric Loader
- Fabric API
- Java 21+

## License

This project is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

**What this means:**
- ✅ You can share, modify, and contribute to this mod
- ✅ You must give credit to the original author
- ❌ You cannot use it commercially without permission
- ✅ Any modifications must be shared under the same license

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit suggestions, issues and pull requests.
